Q.
So we've learned an incredible amount in a short space of time.
And sometimes it's just good to take a breather, step back and figure out where everything fits in.
So that's what I thought.
This would be a very, very quick recap.
Often people get confused between variables, objects and functions.
So let's just see where they all fit in variables.
Remember, we said we should be using constant late.
This is the new syntax introduced by year six concept and layout of variables, and all the variable
is is a container to store a piece of information.
Think about in your pantry, you put food in a container, you labeled a container and you put it on
the shelf.
That is all and variable is just a container.
When we use const, we know that we don't want that.
If a change, for example, my name.
But when you use the linked keyword, you stating that you actually can reassign that variable if you
want to.
So for example, if we're your age is going to change, so that's variable.
You've got that covered.
What objects will?
An object is also kind of like a container, but it doesn't just to one value installs a whole lot of
name, value pays and you separate each name that you pay by common.
We've seen this and to define an object, you have to use those curly brackets.
That's what tells JavaScript.
Hey, this is an object treated as an object.
And finally, we have functions which we've just been through and a function I like to think of as a
doing word.
It does something, and we learned about the new aero syntax, and we learned that the different ways
to define a function, the way you looking at now where we say it was.
And we've used the arrow syntax.
That's a function expression, and we've seen we should be using the return keyword in the execution
of the function.
And how do we invoke a function?
How do we call it?
How do we execute it?
Can you see all of these names or just fancy words?
But they all mean the same thing.
Well, to invoke the function wolf, we have to use the name Wolf because we have to tell JavaScript
which function we want to call, and then we just follow that by parentheses.
And that's it.
So take a step back.
Look at these on one piece of paper, have a bird's eye view, and then you can kind of start to feel
why we need all three.
We can't just do away with one purpose has been really, really cool section.
And I hope you've enjoyed the course.
I've had a tremendous amount of fun putting it together.
I love the stuff.
And the good news is we are not yet finished.
I'll see you soon.